CASMHMS-6370: Document resetting BIOS factory defaults for Paradise (#5708)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: operations/firmware/FAS_Paradise.md

/usr/share/doc/csm/scripts/operations/firmware/upload_foxconn_images_tftp.py
```

## Reset BMC Factory Defaults

**IMPORTANT: Only perform this action if required!  Check Morpheus!**

Run the following command prior to using FAS to update the BMC firmware.  This
will reset the BMC to factory defaults (`ncn#`):

```bash
ssh admin@$(xname) 'fw_setenv openbmconce "factory-reset"'
```

Continue to update the BMC firmware using one of the methods above.

> **PLEASE NOTE** that the credentials for the `admin` account may have been

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE: ** The credentials for the `admin` account may have been
```

Author: Changes made with latest commit.  Thanks!

time limit.  The BMC firmware update should still have succeeded despite
this.  After the update is complete, return here to reset the `admin`
password if necessary.

If the `admin` password changed to something other than the what is stored in
vault, you may see something like the following when attempting to log in to
the BMC:

```text
> ssh admin@x3000c0s33b3
admin@x3000c0s33b3's password:

The account is locked due to 10 failed logins.

(5 minutes left to unlock)
Permission denied, please try again.
```

You will need to wait until the lockout period expires and time your next
login attempt to occur prior to other system services attempting to log in
with the wrong password, locking you out again.  The factory default
password that you will need to log in with will not be mentioned here.
Please request it from your HPE service representative.

Time the following command to execute after the lockout period expires.
Rather than specifying `password` for the new admin password, specify the
correct password found in vault for your system (`ncn#`):

```bash
ssh admin@$(xname) 'ipmitool user set password 1 "password"'
```

## Reset BIOS Factory Defaults

> **IMPORTANT: Only perform this action if required!  Check Morpheus!**
> 
> Before proceeding, you must have first used FAS to update the BIOS on the
> target node **before** resetting the BIOS factory defaults. The node should
> remain powered **OFF** after the update.
> 
> Run the following command to reset BIOS factory defaults after the BIOS has
> been updated (`ncn#`):
> 
> ```bash
> ssh admin@$(bmc_xname) 'ipmitool raw 0x0 0x8 0x05 0x80 0x80 0x00 0x00 0x00 ; ipmitool raw 0x0 0x9 0x05 0x00 0x00'
> ```
> 
> The expected results should look like this:
> 
> ```bash
> 01 05 80 80 00 00 00
> ```
> 
> If the results do not look like this, please consult with your HPE service
> representative before proceeding.
> 
> Next, power the node on.
> 
> **IMPORTANT:** After the node has powered on, it must
> **REMAIN ON FOR AT LEAST 6 MINUTES** before proceeding to the next step.
> 
> Next, run the following command (`ncn#`):
> 
> ```bash
> ssh admin@$(bmc_xname) 'ipmitool chassis bootdev none clear-cmos=yes'
> ```
> 
> Next, power the node off. After node power is reported as **OFF** then power
> it on again.  Once node power is reported as **ON** the BIOS update will be
> complete.

Reviewer: I recommend making this a step-by-step procedure so it is easier to follow.

````suggestion
**IMPORTANT: Only perform this action if required! Check Morpheus!**

Before proceeding, you must have first used FAS to update the BIOS on the
target node **before** resetting the BIOS factory defaults. The node should
remain powered **OFF** after the update.

1. (`ncn#`) Reset BIOS factory defaults after the BIOS has
been updated:

   ```bash
   ssh admin@$(bmc_xname) 'ipmitool raw 0x0 0x8 0x05 0x80 0x80 0x00 0x00 0x00 ; ipmitool raw 0x0 0x9 0x05 0x00 
   0x00'
   ```

   The expected results should look like this:

   ```bash
   01 05 80 80 00 00 00
   ```

   If the results do not look like this, then consult with your HPE service representative before proceeding.

2. Power the node on.

   **IMPORTANT:** After the node has powered on, it must
   **REMAIN ON FOR AT LEAST SIX MINUTES** before proceeding to the next step.

3. (`ncn#`) Run the following command.

   ```bash
   ssh admin@$(bmc_xname) 'ipmitool chassis bootdev none clear-cmos=yes'
   ```

4. Power the node off. After node power is reported as **OFF** then power
it on again. 
   
   Once node power is reported as **ON** the BIOS update will be complete.
````

Author: Changes made with latest commit.  Thanks!

/usr/share/doc/csm/scripts/operations/firmware/upload_foxconn_images_tftp.py
```

## Reset BMC Factory Defaults

> **IMPORTANT: Only perform this action if required!  Check Morpheus!**

Reviewer 2: Change Morpheus to Documentation

Author: Fixed

this.  After the update is complete, return here to reset the `admin`
password if necessary.

If the `admin` password changed to something other than the what is stored in
vault, you may see something like the following when attempting to log in to
the BMC:

```text
> ssh admin@x3000c0s33b3
admin@x3000c0s33b3's password:

The account is locked due to 10 failed logins.

(5 minutes left to unlock)
Permission denied, please try again.
```

You will need to wait until the lockout period expires and time your next
login attempt to occur prior to other system services attempting to log in
with the wrong password, locking you out again.  The factory default
password that you will need to log in with to reset the password will not
be mentioned here. Please request it from your HPE service representative.

Time the following command to execute after the lockout period expires.
Rather than specifying `password` for the new admin password, as shown
in the example, specify the correct password found in vault for your
system (`ncn#`):

```bash
ssh admin@$(xname) 'ipmitool user set password 1 "password"'
```

## Reset BIOS Factory Defaults

> **IMPORTANT: Only perform this action if required!  Check Morpheus!**

Reviewer 2: Change Morpheus

Author: Fixed
